You have to build a CLI (Command Line Interface) based E-commerce app called MyCart which has
the following 2 flows.
1# User Flow:
- Users should be able to view the list of multiple categories.
- Users should be able to view all the products under a particular category.
- Users should be able to view product details.
- Users should be able to add products to Cart.
- Users should be able to buy multiple products from the Cart.
- Users should be able to remove products from the Cart.
- If the final billing amount is greater than Rs 10,000 then Rs 500 OFF should be given to the user.
- If the final billing amount is less than Rs 10,000 then no discount should be given to the user.
- Bill should be generated for multiple product purchases showing the actual amount, discounted
amount, and the final amount.

2# Admin Flow:
- Admin should be able to add categories and products.
- Admin should be able to see details of the products added to the cart by the user.
- Admin should be able to see all the bills generated by all the users.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Python's argparse library to handle command-line arguments
# Implementation  can be divided into 3 sub modules.
    1. mycart
    2. user
    3. admin

# 1.mycart functionalities:
    1.1. view_categories
    1.2. view_products
    1.3. view_product_details

# 2.user actions:
    2.1. login
    2.2. add_to_cart
    2.3. remove from cart
    2.4. view_cart
    2.5. Billing { calculate_total_amount, apply_discount, generate_bill}
# 3. admin control:
    3.1. admin_login
    3.2. add_category
    3.3. add_products

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
# How to execute this program

1. python -m venv venv      #To Initilize python virtual environment
2. pip install argparse     #To parse command line arguments

# New user
python mycart.py --register --name "John Doe" --email "john.doe@example.com"

# Login with the registered user's email
python mycart.py --login --email "john.doe@example.com"

# View the cart for the logged-in user
python mycart.py --view_cart

# Remove a product from the cart for the logged-in user (Product ID 3)
python mycart.py --remove_from_cart --product_id 3

# Calculate the total billing amount for the user's cart
python mycart.py --calculate_total_amount

# Apply discounts to the total amount
python mycart.py --apply_discount

# Generate the bill 
python mycart.py --generate_bill




